opam 2.1.0~alpha release blog post (#73)
ocaml/platform-blog: opam-2-1-0-alpha.md

title: "opam 2.1.0 alpha is here!"
authors: [
  "Raja Boujbel - OCamlPro" {"mailto:raja.boujbel(à)ocamlpro.com"}
  "Louis Gesbert - OCamlPro" {"mailto:louis.gesbert(à)ocamlpro.com"}
]
date: "2020-04-21"
--BODY--

We are happy to announce a alpha for opam 2.1.0, one year and a half in the 
making after the release of 2.0.0.

> Many new features made it in (see the [complete
> changelog](https://github.com/ocaml/opam/blob/master/CHANGES) for the details),
> but here are a few highlights of this release.

Author: ```suggestion
Many new features made it in (see the [complete
changelog](https://github.com/ocaml/opam/blob/2.1.0-alpha/CHANGES) or [release
note](https://github.com/ocaml/opam/releases/tag/2.1.0-alpha) for the details),
but here are a few highlights of this release.
```

# Release highlights

The two following features have been around for a while as plugins and are now 
completely integrated in the core of opam. No extra installs needed anymore, and
a more smooth experience.

> ### Seamless integration of System dependencies handling (_a.k.a._ "depexts")

Author: ```suggestion
### Seamless integration of System dependencies handling (a.k.a. "depexts")
```
